WE WILL WIN
It attempted to alter our election and got caught?
NOW 73,000,000 LEGAL VOTES!
THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION, GOT 71,000,000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM!
Nobody wants to report that Pennsylvania and Michigan didn’t allow our Poll Watchers and/or Vote Observers to Watch or Observe. This is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count. Therefore, I easily win both states. Report the News!
I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee (RNC). With 72 MILLION votes, we received more votes than any sitting President in U.S. history - and we will win!
Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. Because they are FAKE, just like much of the Lamestream Media!
You are looking at BALLOTS! Is this what our Country has come to?
A guy named Al Schmidt, a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican (RINO), is being used big time by the Fake  News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia. He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption & dishonesty. We win!
The Fake Pollsters at produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when, in fact, on Election Day, the race was even - & we are now preparing to win the state. Many such “deplorable” instances!
WE WILL WIN!
Republicans, don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty.” Legal scholars agree!
Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!! 
People will not accept this Rigged Election!
Obama spied on our campaign - and got caught!
A brave patriot. More & more people are stepping forward to expose this Rigged Election!
He should pay a big price for his subversion!
Thanks Dan. Big win for us in Texas!
That’s why Mike was number one in his class at West Point!
Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the U.S. Senate. He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss, James Comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI.
“I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
Pennsylvania Party Leadership votes are this week. I hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. We will WIN!!
Republicans, don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty.” Legal scholars agree!
BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE!
WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND, JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE, REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO!
WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS. RESULTS START TO COME IN NEXT WEEK. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Only because of President Trump, we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year.”  Ronny Jackson, Texas Congressman-Elect
“President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month. He was right.” 
Nothing!
The @US_FDA and the Democrats didn’t want to have me get a Vaccine WIN, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later – As I’ve said all along!
If Joe Biden were President, you wouldn’t have the Vaccine for another four years, nor would the @US_FDA have ever approved it so quickly. The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
As I have long said, @Pfizer and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. Likewise, the @US_FDA should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
The worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression!
ABC/WaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin, the day before the election, and I WON! In Iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and I won by 8.2%! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
ABC/WaPo, NBC/WSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an Election. They were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference...
This is good news, it means I won! 
Georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the Election!
Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count. Unthinkable and illegal in this country.
Wisconsin is looking very good. Needs a little time statutorily. Will happen soon!
Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes. @mschlapp & @AdamLaxalt are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!
The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. A very large number of Ballots are impacted. Stay tuned!
Chris will do a GREAT job! Mark Esper has been terminated. I would like to thank him for his service.
I am pleased to announce that Christopher C. Miller, the highly respected Director of the National Counterterrorism Center (unanimously confirmed by the Senate), will be Acting Secretary of Defense, effective immediately..
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, VACCINE COMING SOON. REPORT 90% EFFECTIVE. SUCH GREAT NEWS!
Will discuss the Mail-In Ballot Hoax!
Since when does the Lamestream Media call who our next president will be? We have all learned a lot in the last two weeks!
Where it mattered, they stole what they had to steal.
71,000,000 Legal Votes. The most EVER for a sitting President!
THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION, GOT 71,000,000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM!
I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!
Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping — 11:30am!
People were screaming STOP THE COUNT & WE DEMAND TRANSPARENCY (As Legal Observers were refused admittance to count rooms)!
Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously & crudely not allowed. Tractors blocked doors & windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE. BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE!
This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States, including Pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE, for long intervals of time, what the happened
Tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 P.M. on Tuesday, Election Day, totally and easily changing the results in Pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. As a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of Votes were illegally not allowed to be OBSERVED
Incredibly stated Jim!
I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President. I could make that claim also. Legal proceedings are just now beginning!
Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?
With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!
Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!
So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!
I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!
News Conference at 6:30 P.M.
STOP THE FRAUD!
Big legal win in Pennsylvania!
STOP THE COUNT!
STOP THE COUNT!
ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!
Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!
We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,.....
There was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!
We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”
Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!
They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!
They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?
How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run & controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the “pollsters” got it completely & historically wrong!
I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!
We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!
WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!
Get out & VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!
A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor!
Thank you Matt!
Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work!
To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!
Thank you Brad!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists.
Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow!
Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!
A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.
I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Let’s WIN, WIN, WIN!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS!
For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!
Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!
I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values!
Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania.
Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!
My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 
As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!
For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA
With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty & ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country!
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow!
If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA
He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!
Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century
Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!
Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!
Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding! The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp & we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!).
Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We have more Cases because we have more Testing!
Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!
Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries & decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs & crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, & demeaned your sacred faith & values; The Anti-American radicals defaming our noble history, heritage & heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, & left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!
“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”
Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!
Texas, Pennsylvania: Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!
Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!
On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while!
David Young is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses, Military, the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete & Total Endorsement
Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement
Ashley Hinson will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, & our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times
Senator is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at!
Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA! 
As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas? Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!
Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices
If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below! #MAGA
For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community!
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA
Thank you Florida! #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!
Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!
Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you Georgia! #MAGA
In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI & Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people!
People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment!
Thank you North Carolina!
Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA
Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!
For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself & his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU.
Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!
Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!
Chris Wallace of FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!
Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon.
Thank you Iowa!
Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going! #MAGA
You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch!
I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU!
Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you!
Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources.WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded & respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!
Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!
Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”.The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!
When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, & now many plants are and have been built
Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!
People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!
Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!!
Go Joe!!!
Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice! 
Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy & fracking industry. If Biden & Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!
Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA
Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania!
Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty!
I LOVE TEXAS!
A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!
Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World & end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions!
For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE! #Election2020 #MAGA of United States
Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!
Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!
We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.
We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East!
3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes & regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, & eliminate private healthcare!
Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!
Biden & Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!
Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING & send PA into a nightmare of poverty & depression. Gas prices would explode & family incomes would plummet—I will always defend & promote PA energy!


